[Music]
hi my name is Alysa and I participated
last year is take it to the ma um the
cause for lymphoma really struck Accord
with me I am a lymphoma Survivor I was
diagnosed with non-ash lymphoma when I
was 21 years old and I've been in
remission for 2 years so I was really
really excited because yoga is actually
something that I got into after all of
my treatment if you love yoga and you
want to support the cause to get
involved with your friends start a team
it's exciting to raise money and it
feels so rewarding to let you know your
friends down to know after the fact how
much money you were able to raise and
especially about a cause that means so
much to
[Music]
you it's going to be a great day 108
minutes is a challenge but um I'm
looking forward to it how much money did
you raise
$1,326 take it to the mat is an amazing
an amazing fundraiser uh something that
you should be involved in something that
you need to get a whole group of people
together and raise some money and come
out and have some fun partaking the food
and partaking the the wonderful seminars
that will go on speaking and just
Lifting me up and taking me to a
different
place especially from a cancer survivor
hot Loma Survivor um if it wasn't for
Loma Canada doing events like this I
probably would wouldn't be here today so
I'm very grateful for
that
[Music]